1.	I booked my flat as on 23-9-2011 as a booking amount as cheque payment and bank loan was disbursed as on 15-3-2012.  
2.	I had problems with registration of my property as well, since there was too many confusion and fuss going around. I had to keep on following with up them and chasing around, finally registration was done as on 21-07-2012.
3.	There was a delay of payment from my side for a month since unexpectedly we lost job, hence the cheque disbursment was delayed for a month
4.	Posession of the flat was problem, hence again I had to chase back for the same it happened some where in between September 2012 - January 2013. Im affraid we dont remember of receiving any posession letter or document and any signature done on any papers while keys hand over
5.	There was a huge Key Handover Ceremony done with hand full of invites, we did not receive any invitation for the same. I believe the Chief Guest was Mrs. Shailaja Kumari (Current Health Minister of Kerala)
6.	When we checked the position of our flat then, rest of phase 1 was under construction ie., from Tower 4-8 were half done
7.	As per Sales Person Promise (Mr. Vijay Singh) and as per sale agreement there were supposed to be Solar Street Lightning, Rain Water Harvesting, Storm Water Storage, Recharge Pits, Borewell Water - Treated and Recharged which was missing.
8.	Play Ground was shown to us as per plan which is not Gowshala and there was a jogging track between Tower 1 and Tower 2, which is missing.
9.	According to initial plan phase School was proposed with a shopping complex adjecent to phase 2. which is missing.
10.	After hand over I found there was too many defects in my flat which was never rectified. Like, Kitchen Window Shutter Glass were Broke, Cracks in Kitchen Platfrom, Bathroom Glasses were broken.
11.	My flat is closed till date since the date of purchase and we never got any information when the hand over was done from Builder to association, all of a sudden one day when we happen to visit the premises (Tentatively by Feb 2015), found that too many changes were there and then we got added to so called whatsapp group and found we had huge money to be paid.
12.	Since then there is a series of threat as bouncers will enter in for Subscription Charges Collection, Police threat, Intentional Insult and disconnection practice of Water and BESCOM began.
13.	Slowly when we enquired and saw day to day activities found too many loopholes in handover, sinking fund was missing and utilised w/o proper procedure being followed, there was no IT Files and Audit Report. During handover there was no decent quorum, since only 30 people have signed in By-Laws. There is no deeds of declaration, MOA etc. By Laws does not have anything mentioned about vacant flat subscription details.
14.	As the day passed on when we raised question we were been targeted on purpose in the whatsapp group. As we are being noted on each of our activities. It was clearly an extortion of money in the name of Subscription charges as per by laws. 
15.	Even few committee members threatened to collect subscription charges through goons and bouncers also stop allow House keeping services to us and even did asked his not to allow us to use the road that approaches our house, almost kind of restraining us within our own premises.
16.	When we enquire about bye law we were asked to clear the dues in order to get a copy of same. Hence, I had to file RTI in order to get a copy from Registrar of Societies. One by one, I started filling RTI regading OC, Panchayat Water, IT.
17.	When we started to raise questions, one Mr. Prajapathi had called us and threatened us for disconnection of water. As well has he instructed the facility officer to disconnect with a particular note and my house number being tagged. He called us the very evening and threatened the same on call and bad mouthing about other neighbor of our apartment to us. At the end he said pay money we will speak nice and good thing about you. This was clearly visible as bribery and nothing was organised legally.
18.	We have been badly insulted in Whatsapp Group for which I had to file Non Cognisance Report and sent a Legal Notice to Mr. Jay Karan Prajapati.
19.	Mr. Panwar (NC No PO1332190600155, reference no 155/2019, dated 18/03/2019) humiliated my father in the group and did all possible means to disregard my family image in front of 200 odd people
20.	Mr. Prajapati, (NC No PO1332190600156, reference no 156/2019, dated 18/03/2019) called me up on call and threatened me for water disconnection and made sure that was done my July 2018
21.	When checked on water disconnection Mr. Shashank Joshi had given explanation as what we had done was done with agreement of some handful of people and justified as lawful act (Whatsapp 29th March 2019)
22.	We never denied of payment, but I found the association was formed without proper hand over and said promises by builder was not delivered about the school and the shopping complex we not built. 
23.	When we asked for builder Occupancy Certificate (OC) to association they said its not yet been delivered or shared by builder, since the other phase and amenities is yet to be completed. By Amenities they mean Water and Electricity. We still dont know who are authorized signatory.
24.	Since they dont have proper water supply, but there are certain business being run. Like Day Cares, Hotels, Boutique etc...  
25.	One fine day we received Whatsapp Message that Mrs. Kshipra Shashank Joshi (a resident Tower 1 A-005) is appointed as Internal Auditor, which was not decided in any meeting we are aware off. After which we found too many misappropriate in accounts. Hence to overcome these goof ups they implemented Apna Complex method of payment without proper members approval and acceptance with hefty annual payment.
26.	Following which I've received a demand notice for the payment of subscription charges and there were some bills stuck in my door. My door is also damaged with there notices being stuck. 
27.	During AGM held as on 21st April 2018 it was decided and accepted for vacant flats it would be 500/- (Rupees Five Hundred Only) which was never implemented by present committee instead they are still going for disconnection. 
28.	I've given a written letter to association to reconnect my BESCOM Fuse and restore electricity of my flat which is still not done. Once while some other owner was checking about the same, it was found that association members have taken the fuse and will reconnect them only after payment of Subscription Charges. Inspite of this my Electric Meter Tampering is done.
29.	Recently  the borewell dug by panchayet and the present  secretary demanding Ts 500 borewell charges. We few owners had requested to publish the borewell sanctioned letter and fund but no reply on that as well. Over the the secretary  also adding out siders like brokers  and lawyers in association what's app grp.
30.	There are various Borewell which is still un used and being covered for malpractices. We have asked and are ready to contribute for Rain Water Harvestting, since we saw heavy rainfall this year, with that amount of water we could survive and recourse our borewell which could last untill next year monsoon.
