Hello Mam,

As discussed, please go through my below drafts, which is a gist of the matter. If any further clarification is needed please let me know.

Also, some of the proofs are attached to this email. Rest will provide as and when required. Since I've already shared my Bye Law copy. 
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I, the undersigned am the co-owner of flat no B 303 of Tower 3 at Janadhar Shubha Apartment, Attibele Anekal Main Road, M.Medihalli Village, Mayasnadra Post. Myself and my wife own the flat.

Its our unfortunate we could not give much attention and look after our flat, since our work location was in other city. We did not receive any communication from builder. We are neither aware when was the association formed. Builder did not inform us about handover. We were kept under dark. When we came back after 4 years to clear all the dues and either rent it or to self occupy found, the state of my flat was worse then expected.

Initially I was unaware of the handover of flats and association. Once I planned to visit the premises in the year 2015 February. Found that builder has handed over the flat maintenance and formed association. Phase two was under construction were started at that time it looked 30% completed. 

We met Builder Official in Janaadhar Shubha front office in our premises and took the keys of our flat. 

Then Mr.Divin the builder staff noted down our mobile number and added to the so called Whatsapp group - Jana Shubha Owners Assoc 

Slowly when we enquired and saw day to day activities found too many loopholes in handover

As the day passed on when we raised question we were been targeted on purpose in the whatsapp group. As we are being noted on each of our activities.

We found entire sinking fund transferred by builder is also being used without proper communications or approval by inviting a decent quorum  

We were been harnessed, trolled, humiliated and it was clearly visible to be an intentioanl insult so that we pay Subscription charges as they asked for. It was clearly an extortion of money in the name of Subscription charges as per bye laws. 

Even few committee members threatened to collect subscription charges through goons and bouncers also stop allow House keeping services  to us and even did asked his not to allow us to use the road that approaches our house, almost kind of restraining us within our own premises.

When we enquire about bye law we were asked to clear the dues in order to get a copy of same. Hence, I had to file RTI in order to get a copy from Registrar of Societies. 

Bye Laws does not have anything mentioned about vacant flat subscription details.

When we started to raise questions, one Mr. Prajapathi had called us and threatened us for disconnection of water. As well has he instructed the facility officer to disconnect with a particular note and my house number being tagged. He called us the very evening and threatened the same on call and bad mouthing about other neighbor of our apartment to us. At the end he said pay money we will speak nice and good thing about you. This was clearly visible as bribery and nothing was organised legally.

We have been badly insulted in Whatsapp Group for which I had to file Non Cognisance Report and sent a Legal Notice to Mr. Jay Karan Prajapati.

Mr. Panwar (NC No PO1332190600155, reference no 155/2019, dated 18/03/2019) humiliated my father in the group and did all possible means to disregard my family image in front of 200 odd people

Mr. Prajapati, (NC No PO1332190600156, reference no 156/2019, dated 18/03/2019) called me up on call and threatened me for water disconnection and made sure that was done my July 2018

When checked on water disconnection Mr. Shashank Joshi had given explanation as what we had done was done with agreement of some handful of people and justified as lawful act (Whatsapp29th MArch 2019)

Mrs. Varsha - used unparliamnetary language when questioned - 28th March 2019

We never denied of payment, but I found the association was formed without proper hand over and said promises by builder was not delivered about the school and the shopping complex we not built. According to my sale deed, rain water harvesting, recharge pits, storm water collection tank, borewell water treated and used, Solar Street Lights were not visible. Apart from above all, we dont have proper Occupancy Certificate.

When we asked for builder Occupancy Certificate (OC) to association they said its not yet been delivered or shared by builder, since the other phase and amenities is yet to be completed. 

By Amenities they mean Water and Electricity. We still dont know who are authorized signatory 

We found theres no Income Tax Returns were filled as there were no reports produced when asked for, they have not even disclosed Chartered Accountants Details, PAN details, TDS details etc. We had to file a number of RTI's to get some documents and Income Tax Audited Reports, which is yet to be submitted to us. 

Since they dont have proper water supply, but there are certain business being run. Like Day Cares, Hotels, Boutique etc...   

One fine day we received email that Mrs. Kshipra Shashank Joshi (a resident Tower 1 A-005) is appointed as Internal Auditor, which was not decided in any meeting we are aware off. After which we found too many misappropriate in accounts. Hence to overcome these goof ups they implemented Apna Complex method of payment without proper members approval and acceptance with hefty annual payment. 

Following which I've received a demand notice for the payment of subscription charges and there were some bills stuck in my door. My door is also damaged with there notices being stuck. 

During AGM held as on 21st April 2018 it was decided and accepted for vacant flats it would be 500/- (Rupees Five Hundred Only) which was never implemented by present committee instead they are still going for disconnection. 

I've given a written letter to association to reconnect my BESCOM Fuse and restore electricity of my flat which is still not done. Once while some other owner was checking about the same, it was found that association members have taken the fuse and will reconnect them only after payment of Subscription Charges. 

It has been also noticed that a new construction in Tower 6  besides common toilet and opposite association's  office in parking no 14  walls mounted and enclosed .

After multiple attempts requesting for re-connection for water supply our current term vice president (resigned recently) have threatened us over whatsapp voice message for approaching police station and creating mental agony for which I've filed FIR against the person (Mr. Prashant Naidu)

Recently  the borewell dug by panchayet and the present  secretary demanding Ts 500 borewell charges. We few owners had requested to publish the borewell sanctioned letter and fund but no reply on that as well. Over the the secretary  also adding out siders like brokers  and lawyers in association what's app grp.

This has become there regular strategy for collection of Subscription Charges. Lately current Secretary Mr. Manoj Kodiya again said he would start to disconnect water supply of the flats who dont pay subscription charges. 
